the body of josé carlos da silva of 43
years was to stop at a distance of about
10 meters from the pedestrian strip
he died when he tried to cross the
Track on go-010 Faces exit to
goiania
he got hit by this car that
it would be 60 kilometers per hour it would not
must have seen because of the lighting is
precarious and hit
playing like 22 meters the accident
happened at night and to make the track worse
is completely off
the driver said he got caught
surprise with what I saw the game over
of the already open for the time tunnel
due to crossing in the range of
The pedestrian needs attention.
suffers even more with traffic passing
In the range safety is not always
380 and two people were
victims in goiânia only from the agency
municipal transit system in just three
months of this statistic one of the victims
died and ninety-six people stayed
wounds
lack of respect for signaling lack of
respect for pedestrians and also
sometimes a bit of pedestrian posture
which does not signal before even being outside
from pds
the output is Create awareness population
because installing botoeiras like this is
practically impossible in all
pedestrian tracks of the city
would be hampered outside the budget of
all equipment with the traffic light that
it costs about 20 thousand reais
the maintenance work of the track is
often performed another
pedestrian can report home painting
is damaged
whenever you have deleted tracks, people
ask the citizen to help us call
58 I know what is the phone
mt service and indicates the location that we
we will put in the general schedule made
This is revitalization of the painting of the band